Overhaul documentation (#674)
DiamondLightSource/blueapi: docs/explanations/architecture.md

These responsibilities are kept separate in the codebase to ensure a clean, maintainable architecture.

![blueapi main components](../images/blueapi.png)

> Above are the main components of blueapi. The main process houses the REST API and manages the subprocess, which wraps the `RunEngine`, devices and optional connection to the downstream message broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Above are the main components of blueapi. The main process houses the REST API and manages the subprocess, which wraps the `RunEngine`, devices and external connections.
```
Do we want to be general or specific?

Author: I made this a bit more general because I didn't think a list of major classes and their purposes was _that_ useful and was prone to being out of date. It may be more useful when blueapi is more stable.

Reviewer: Lost in translation- I'm suggesting a change to make it slightly more generic but hopefully still make sense?
